---
title: "Final Major Project (FGTE6003)"
collection: teaching
type: "Undergraduate course"
permalink: /teaching/FGTE6003
venue: "UCA, School of Games & Creative Technology"
date: 2022-12-12
location: "Farnham, UK"
excerpt: ''
---


---

### Overview:

<ul>
 <li> A1: To provide a context for detailed and systematic research that leads to the conclusion of your Final Major Project, some of which is at the forefront of
 computer games practice.</li>
 <li> A2: To encourage the examination, analysis and critical interpretation of your specific research sources appropriately and thoroughly in relation to your project.</li>
 <li> A3: To develop a range of skills appropriate to the selected project and present work in a professional manner appropriate to the audience and context.</li>
 <li> A4: To promote risk taking, problem solving, a breadth of experimentation and rigorous testing of ideas and approaches.</li>
 <li> A5: To develop initiative, personal responsibility, effective time management and decision making both personally and within your team (if you work in a team).</li>
 <li> A6: To provide an opportunity for practice that transitions from Higher Education to professional practice within the computer games industry or beyond.</li>

</ul>



**LEARNING OUTCOMES**

Knowledge
<ul>
 <li> LO1: Demonstrate detailed and systematic research that leads to the conclusion of your Final Major Project, some of which is at the forefront of computer games practice.</li>
 <li> LO2: Examine, analyse and critically interpret your specific research sources appropriately and thoroughly in relation to your project.</li>

Understanding
 <li> LO3: Demonstrate a range of skills appropriate to the selected project and present work in a professional manner appropriate to the audience and context.</li>
 <li> LO4: Demonstrate risk taking, problem solving, a breadth of  experimentation and rigorous testing of ideas and approaches.</li>

Application
 <li> LO5: Exercise initiative, personal responsibility, effective time management and decision making both personally and within your team (if you work in a team).</li>
 <li> LO6: Demonstrate practice that transitions from Higher Education to professional practice within the computer games industry or beyond.</li>

</ul>

